the core i7 14700 K may not be
particularly cute but everything else is
welcome to the cutest PC everything
about today's build is s tier adorable
starting with the motherboard I mean
just look at the colorfire meow b760 m
now stop looking at it not only is it
more Ginger than Rose we were turned off
in a big Way by its lack of features and
settled on the Mac sun icraft z790 in
white it's more feature Laden for sure
with more USB and PCI expansion slots
but it is definitely the first of our
cute cost casualties the MSRP is fine at
$260 but the lowest price we could find
in the wild was closer to 350 that is
more than double the price of this
similarly featured but decidedly uncute
MSI z790 board luckily though the same
is not true of our 32 gigs of ddr5 5600
megat trans for Corsair Dominator
platinum in our opinion these have one
of the classier implementations of RGB
out there and the specs don't suck that
much at least compared to other
Dominator
platinums next up is our teeny tiny 1 TB
2230 Sab envm SSD look how small and
precious it is perfect for something
with limited space like a steam deck but
for a full-sized rig the $100 price tag
means you could get a more attractive
deal on a bigger and better drive even
if you were trying to do a cute build
wipe this cute segue to our sponsor
Ridge Heads Up Guys Father's Day is
right around the corner and if you
forgot don't worry about it get up to
40% off Ridge at their father's day sale
using our Link in the description and
pick up a great last minute gift we were
somewhat divided on how to tackle the
big box I mean there are novelty cases
like the yes and cute pet case which I
mean are unique and there are lots of
regular boxes with colored vinyl
stickers that make them Ka but the more
we scrolled Instagram and Tik Tok for
ideas the more we noticed an
overwhelming Trend the case itself was
rarely the focus it's the inside that
counts so the idea is we're treating the
PC cooler c3t 500 more like an art
gallery than an art piece and it's
slightly smaller size when compared to
to most ATX cases should keep the
proportions correct on our desk but
David what the heck is this just a white
build no no no the aiio is white with a
screen you know we already did the all
screen PC2 right all screen PC3
baby okay as long as you don't mind
paying the extra and pay extra you will
the Corsair IQ link h150 irgb with the
upgraded LCD screen module with high
resolution display looks absolutely
incred incredible in any themed build
though I can't say the same for the
cas's pre-installed fans I mean they're
all right they are RGB and everything
but the QX series from Corsair is a lot
more pleasing to the eye with 34 LEDs
per fan for smooth lighting effects and
daisy chaining for Less ugly cable
tanglish the only thing that's really
not cute about them is the price it's
ugly
[Music]
you can't argue with the look of it
though I mean this is clean funnily
enough though our first real individual
aesthetic piece the seic vertex Sakura
1000 watt is a power supply that's going
to end up being stuffed into the back of
our case never to be seen again which is
a shame because oh my good goodness C
Sonic has attended to every detail here
creating a power supply that is as cute
as it is performant wait no way even the
cables are accented pink saving us the
cost of custom cables from a thirdparty
vendor that is a big win for our budget
or at least it would be if this wasn't a
very limited run item that's currently
going for about triple the price of the
black model also really guys you got one
black connector and it's going to be
front and center in the middle of our
build on our GPU that is whatever a
cuter word is for bummer tushy here
thankfully it doesn't really matter
since our GPU is going to be using these
classic 8 Pin pcie power
connectors let's go ahead and get
everything cabled up shall
[Music]
we now it's time to meet our GPU the
powercolor hellhound Sakura 7 800 XT
like the non Sakura version it boosts to
2520 MHz with 16 gigs of gddr6 memory
and has an LED color switch but
obviously its most important feature is
its colorway now the hell hounds of
Legend aren't known for being adorable
but this
is so cute how high was the cuteness tax
on this one David uh it wasn't too bad
it was less than $100 more than a
regular
hellhound that's a lot more to pay for a
7 800 XT but hey at least it comes with
this adorable anti-ag bracket that's
going to serve us very well when we're
decorating the case now for the
finishing touches boop
boop there were two peels on that now
that our computer is adorable all we
need to do is cutify the space around it
because H this simply won't do
time to paint oh okay that is a cute
color apparently it's called pinky
promise now to be clear there's a lot of
things I would have done a little bit
differently if I'd been the one in
charge of getting all of our painting
materials and all that but doesn't
really matter we are just doing an
accent wall anyway I'd hate for you guys
to get bored literally watching paint
dry here with me so while I do this
David is going to show you some of our
cute peripherals let's start with
Logitech and the g705 mouse it's sadly
not used the hero sensor but it still
has light speed connectivity for nearly
LaGree performance and it's well
constructed if slightly small for bigger
hands but perfect for cute hands it's
part of a well-rounded cutesy Aurora
lineup and we grabbed the matching
g735 headset for our setup with its
similar soft lines and matted white
Plastics punctuated with tasteful RGB
and if you want to take your cuteness a
step further you can get the pink ear
cups pink boom mic from Logitech or
these universe cat ears that fit on uh
pretty much any headphone for just a few
dollars as for the keyboard we are going
so hard with the unzi c68 high-fi
mechanical keyboard one of the sweetest
little keyboard bases I've ever
seen I've actually already put in the
mixed pastel Seaglass linear switches
from Omni type and these absolutely
perfect in every way cat-shaped meow
meow Squad key caps from kboom and meow
Bang those are madeup words I mean all
words are made up the cherry on top is
going to be this white cold cable from
cable mods lus has gone to shoot another
video so that means I can finally think
straight again and we can do the most
important part of today's video which is
decorate both our PC and our setup let's
go
[Music]
I think this looks absolutely incredible
and that's not just thanks to me I had a
whole Council of cute come together and
help me pick the parts for this and so I
want to have their reactions to the
finalized setup and we're going to have
that over in exclusive at lm. g/f flow
plane but right now I want to see what
lonus thinks oh my goodness I feel like
I'm moving Between
Worlds wow
you know I think I could get used to
this what a relaxing Vibe MH how's this
keyboard is it actually any good she
Clacks she Clacks she move okay well
she's all
right there are so many layers I see
we've traded out our Bulbasaur bushes
for Ivysaur flowers yeah we've evolved
this is a nice touch by the way yeah LT
store OG pink and white water bottle
bottle hardly even noticed it there
first thing you're supposed to notice is
the desk pad what do you think it's the
cutest thing I've ever seen I can't even
complain that it's not from LTT store we
need to make something like this I
actually do agree with you we need to do
some more Kawaii types of products is
this a stream deck skin or is this just
like a special cute version of the
stream deck no it's a special one Elgato
actually has a Neo lineup of Hardware
that's designed to be super easy just
plug andplay very aesthetic uh they have
a a webcam light a mic and I think it
just kind of Blends into the setup in a
really Pleasant way one of the pleasant
surprises I had was actually setting up
this monitor I really like this base
it's white with speckles it looks great
evnia is Philip's new welcoming gaming
brand okay and they have really good
monitors this is a 41 in 4k 138 HZ
monitor it's so lead and everyone who
walked by was commenting on how good and
it looks and feels but they also had one
that was kind of considering a 34in
cutie OLED you know
cutie oh I just thought you me you
wanted the best panel Tech no no cue oh
I love the heart back there that was
Glenn he made that happen that is
awesome so there's a ton of aesthetic
things I mean oh my goodness the secret
lab chair is adorable the Titan Evo with
the pink plush but also the memory foam
armrest very oh and they've got like
soft it's really nice I'm so ready to
launch my eirl career one of my favorite
random touches is this random beo switch
dock we don't have it plugged in right
now but it's a dock and you could
actually have your screen play through
it and we even got a switch case to
match is I mean it's cute it was
supposed to be pink but the by the time
we ordered it the pink was out quality I
mean no no don't to worry about quality
it's cute did we run into a lot of
things like that though there wasn't too
much um the tradeoff is there is very
little that is budget in this
build do you want to know how much it's
worth I already have kind of so that's
that doesn't count I brought that from
home okay tell me the computer was
around
$2,500 that is not that bad other than
that the GPU is not what I would expect
for a system of that price when I spec a
very similar system that was not
aesthetic it was
$1,700 yeah so a big premium there so
you could basically afford to have a
super instead yeah actually maybe even
better you could get a 7900 XTX and a
14900 K I could putot that into my
budget so did you also do a not cute
version of the complete setup I did not
because if you're not doing a cute PC
why do you need a cute setup right I
mean the Dorito dust should be enough
decoration yeah Doritos dollar your
decorations a dollar the whole setup
minus a few things that weren't included
$10,000 shut up yeah shut up how much
are these those are nothing these are
like $6 a piece it's the monitor what is
it where's the where did the money go
the lights everything how much were
these uh those are
$200 there's a few things that I got
that weren't included so I will show you
the total right now on screen it should
be a little bit
less what about this n it's like 5050
bucks where did all the where'd he go I
honestly don't
know oh
jeez scared the pants off me what do you
think of that Mouse you know what it's a
little small yeah even for your hands
even for my hands yeah no no no no no I
trying to get over water these are the
cutest key caps I've ever seen I can't
say I'm a huge fan of the key
switches are you you're a I'm a TCT T
guy yeah these are linear you sure are I
do like the key caps though they're
actually pretty high quity for being
gimmicky yeah they're so cute they feel
great I think the cutest thing though is
that as we game and our fans ramp up
there's a breeze that blows through our
cherry blossoms oh yeah that's
satisfying oh I feel like I'm a
three-year-old with those games again
you know where you're putting the shapes
in the hole this is very
relaxing I like this genre of games oh I
meant being in this environment I
thought you meant being next to me uh
you're part of the environment David I
wouldn't spend this kind of money on it
oh
oh oops um but it's definitely something
that I can appreciate and enjoy now that
I'm sitting in it far more than I would
have thought that I
would oh oh
God that's their house Linus I know I
swallowed it all up into the abyss oh my
gosh how big does this hole get oh
good timing for your question great
delivery I need to play this game I
think I do too and I need to tell you
about our sponsor rocket money it's a
pretty terrible feeling when you look at
your bank statement and there's fewer
dollars in there than you were expecting
that's this isn't right and with more
and more platforms switching to
subscription models that nickel and
diming is becoming increasingly common
but rocket money is here to help their
personal finance app helps you cancel
subscriptions lower bills and manage
your money better they can cancel your
unwanted subscriptions in just a couple
quick Taps and that means no more
scavenger hunts on your my account page
trying to find the cancel subscription
button I know it's here somewhere just
want to cancel just want to cancel you
think this is a game plus rocket money
can also go over your spending habits
and help set up a budgeting plan that
works for you to save more and spend
less join over 5 million members that
use rocket money today by clicking the
link below if you guys enjoyed this
video you might enjoy the the last time
David and I put together an aesthetic
themed build it was flipping awesome
Luke loved it and my kids showed up as
helpers